README.md, before:

[![Toreda](https://content.toreda.com/logo/toreda-logo.png)](https://www.toreda.com)

[![CI](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/toreda/lifecycle/CI?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/toreda/lifecycle/actions) [![Coverage](https://img.shields.io/sonar/coverage/toreda_lifecycle?server=https%3A%2F%2Fsonarcloud.io&style=for-the-badge)](https://sonarcloud.io/project/activity?graph=coverage&id=toreda_lifecycle) [![Sonar Quality Gate](https://img.shields.io/sonar/quality_gate/toreda_lifecycle?server=https%3A%2F%2Fsonarcloud.io&style=for-the-badge)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=toreda_lifecycle)

[![GitHub package.json version (branch)](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/toreda/lifecycle/master?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/toreda/lifecycle/releases/latest) [![GitHub Release Date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/toreda/lifecycle?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/toreda/lifecycle/releases/latest) [![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/toreda/lifecycle?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/toreda/lifecycle/issues)

 [![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/toreda/lifecycle?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/toreda/lifecycle/blob/master/LICENSE)

&nbsp;

# `@toreda/lifecycle`

 [**Toreda**](https://www.toreda.com) packages.

&nbsp;

# **Contents**
- [`@toreda/lifecycle`]()
- [**Contents**](#contents)
- [Install](#install)
	- [Yarn](#yarn)
	- [NPM](#npm)
- [Legal](#legal)
	- [License](#license)
	- [Copyright](#copyright)
	- [Website](#website)

&nbsp;

# Client Lifecycle
Lifecycle flow for s

# Server Lifecycle

# Entity Lifecycle

# Addon Lifecycle

# Connection Lifecycle

# Install

## Yarn
```bash
$ yarn add @toreda/types --dev
```


## NPM
```bash
$ yarn add @toreda/types --D
```

&nbsp;
# Legal

## License
[MIT](LICENSE) &copy; Toreda, Inc.


## Copyright
Copyright &copy; 2019 – 2023 Toreda, Inc. All rights reserved.


## Website
Toreda's company website can be found at [toreda.com](https://www.toreda.com)

Commit message:

Generated project docs. Added missing Scene Phases.

README.md, after:

[![Toreda](https://content.toreda.com/logo/toreda-logo.png)](https://www.toreda.com)

[![CI](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/toreda/lifecycle/CI?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/toreda/lifecycle/actions) [![Coverage](https://img.shields.io/sonar/coverage/toreda_lifecycle?server=https%3A%2F%2Fsonarcloud.io&style=for-the-badge)](https://sonarcloud.io/project/activity?graph=coverage&id=toreda_lifecycle) [![Sonar Quality Gate](https://img.shields.io/sonar/quality_gate/toreda_lifecycle?server=https%3A%2F%2Fsonarcloud.io&style=for-the-badge)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=toreda_lifecycle)

[![GitHub package.json version (branch)](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/toreda/lifecycle/master?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/toreda/lifecycle/releases/latest) [![GitHub Release Date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/toreda/lifecycle?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/toreda/lifecycle/releases/latest) [![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/toreda/lifecycle?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/toreda/lifecycle/issues)

 [![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/toreda/lifecycle?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/toreda/lifecycle/blob/master/LICENSE)

&nbsp;

# `@toreda/lifecycle`

 [**Toreda**](https://www.toreda.com) packages.

&nbsp;

# **Contents**
- [`@toreda/lifecycle`]()
- [**Contents**](#contents)
- [Install](#install)
	- [Yarn](#yarn)
	- [NPM](#npm)
- [Legal](#legal)
	- [License](#license)
	- [Copyright](#copyright)
	- [Website](#website)

&nbsp;

# Client Lifecycle
Lifecycle flow for client and app-side implementations.

# Server Lifecycle
Lifecycle flow for server-side implementations.

# Entity Lifecycle
Lifecycle flow for game engine Entities.

# Scene Lifecycle
Lifecycle flow for game engine scenes containing Entities.

# Addon Lifecycle
Lifecycle flow typically for client-side implementations but also used for server-side addons.

# Connection Lifecycle
Lifecycle flow for remote connections established by both clients and servers.

# Install

## Yarn
```bash
$ yarn add @toreda/lifecycle
```


## NPM
```bash
$ yarn add @toreda/lifecycle
```

&nbsp;
# Legal

## License
[MIT](LICENSE) &copy; Toreda, Inc.


## Copyright
Copyright &copy; 2019 – 2023 Toreda, Inc. All rights reserved.


## Website
Toreda's company website can be found at [toreda.com](https://www.toreda.com)
